GH-970: KT Optimizing Producer for Throughput (#974)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/optimize-producer-throughput/confluent/markup/dev/producer-perf-test-default.adoc

> Run a performance test for the baseline Kafka producer using default configuration parameters.

Reviewer: FYC, IMO the measurement is the baseline, not the Kafka producer:

```suggestion
Run a performance test to capture a baseline measurement for your Kafka producer, using default configuration parameters.
```
